Let's put down our work first
I have an announcement to make
10th of next month
It was the day I got engaged to Miss Chuchu
What about then?
The company will invite many partners to witness
I hope you will be able to attend together
Mr. Fan has finally found true love this time
Congratulations congratulations
Miss Chu Chu is my true love
Also my first love
We have always loved each other
Thank you again for your well wishes. Thank you.
It's a neat job today
There's more to come
Okay peach
Is this the wall?
Yes, that's it.
Okay.
Leave it to me, okay, yes, no problem.
Hey, auntie, take it easy
Thanks.
Thank you shit, I'm afraid you'll come down and hit someone, hey
introduce
Ah ah hey hey hey hey hey